Documents: Fix brockers status checks #2207 #2273 (#2266)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.0/self-managed/zeebe-deployment/operations/health.md

description: "This document analyzes health status checks and responses."
---

## Broker

Zeebe broker exposes three HTTP endpoints to query its health status:

- Startup check
- Ready check
- Health check

### Startup check

> Startup check endpoint is exposed via `http://{zeebe-broker}/startup` (by default port 9600).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Startup check endpoint is exposed via `http://{zeebe-broker-host}:9600/startup`.
The server port is configurable via spring's [server.port](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/application-properties.html#application-properties.server.server.port) property.
```
